README.md, before:

## 👋 Ciallo～(∠・ω< )⌒★！!

🏠 A senior high school student.

🚀 Always trying to make something cool!

🍀 Feel free to contact me!

⭐ I don't just do coding stuff here :D

## 📱 How to Reach me

- Maybe you should check my website! --> [https://onlyra1n.top/](https://onlyra1n.top/)

## 📈 Stats

![stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hexadecimal233&theme=dracula&show_icons=true)
![langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hexadecimal233&theme=dracula&layout=compact)

## 🛠️ Developing tools and services

### Tools I mess with

![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Visual_Studio-white?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudio&color=4abf8a)
&nbsp;
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Visual_Studio_Code-white?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&color=4abf8a)
&nbsp;
![IntelliJ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-IntelliJ-white?style=flat-square&logo=IntelliJ+IDEA&color=4abf8a)
&nbsp;
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/VCS-Git-white?style=flat-square&logo=Git&color=4abf8a)&nbsp;

### Services I use

![Services](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github,vercel,cloudflare,gradle)

### Tech Stack

![Languages](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,js,py,cs,markdown)

### Skills I want to learn / I'm learning

![114514](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ae,aws,gcp,nginx,mongodb,php,blender,c,cpp,cmake,figma,godot,ps,pr,ai,unity)

### ⏲️ My WakaTime stats

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
Markdown   4 mins          ████████████████████████▒   96.96 %
INI        0 secs          ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   03.04 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

<h3>Visitor Count：</h3>
<img src="https://moe-counter.glitch.me/get/@6475578645547358?theme=moebooru" alt="If you are unable to see this, please refresh the page.">

Commit message:

dunno whether to add more social account in my gh readme :skull:

README.md, after:

## 👋 Ciallo～(∠・ω< )⌒★！!

🏠 A senior high school student.

🚀 Always trying to make something cool!

🍀 Feel free to contact me!

⭐ I don't just do coding stuff here :D

## 📱 How to Reach me

- Mail: [contact@onlyra1n.top](mailto:contact@onlyra1n.top)
- QQ: 2593828650
- Tell me more! You can find more about me on my blogs!

## 📈 Stats

![stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=hexadecimal233&theme=dracula&show_icons=true)
![langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=hexadecimal233&theme=dracula&layout=compact)

## 🛠️ Developing tools and services

### Tools I mess with

![Visual Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Visual_Studio-white?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudio&color=4abf8a)
&nbsp;
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Visual_Studio_Code-white?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&color=4abf8a)
&nbsp;
![IntelliJ](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-IntelliJ-white?style=flat-square&logo=IntelliJ+IDEA&color=4abf8a)
&nbsp;
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/VCS-Git-white?style=flat-square&logo=Git&color=4abf8a)&nbsp;

### Services I use

![Services](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github,vercel,cloudflare,gradle)

### Tech Stack

![Languages](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,js,py,cs,markdown)

### Skills I want to learn / I'm learning

![114514](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ae,aws,gcp,nginx,mongodb,php,blender,c,cpp,cmake,figma,godot,ps,pr,ai,unity)

### ⏲️ My WakaTime stats

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
Markdown   4 mins          ████████████████████████▒   96.96 %
INI        0 secs          ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   03.04 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

<h3>Visitor Count：</h3>
<img src="https://moe-counter.glitch.me/get/@6475578645547358?theme=moebooru" alt="If you are unable to see this, please refresh the page.">
